README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">boorusky</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Booru bot for ATProtocol based sites
    <br />
    <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/yaoi-bot.bsky.social">View Demo</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About
Boorusky is a bot for [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/) and various other ATProtocol based sites. It scrapes every hour for 

## Getting Started
1. [Visit the releases](https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/releases) and download the suitable executable for your system, or follow the instructions below to build for your system
2. You will need to create a `.env` file in the same place as this executable and setup your configuration, a template can be found [here](.env-template)
3. To test if the bot can successfully post, you can run the executable with the `-dry` argument

## Building
Instructions tested on an Arch Linux machine.
1. Make sure you have `dotnet` & `git` installed beforehand, see your package manager's documentation for more information
    ```
    dotnet --version
    ```
2. Clone the repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky.git && cd boorusky
    ```
3.  Build the project, [read the docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build) if you would like to target a specific OS, etc
    ```
    dotnet build
    ```
4. Navigate to /bin/Release/net9.0/[target] and run!

## License
Licensed under GNU General Public License v3.0, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information

Commit message:

Improve README content and formatting
Updated README to enhance clarity and add details about advanced filtering and updating process.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">boorusky</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Booru bot for ATProtocol based sites!
    <br />
    <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/yaoi-bot.bsky.social">View Demo</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About
Boorusky is a bot for [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/) and various other [ATProtocol](https://atproto.com/) based sites. It can search on booru-based sites (danbooru, safebooru, e621, etc) for an image based on your query settings and post it on an account on an ATProtocol based site (like Bluesky!)

Advanced filtering options are available to combat the 2-tag limit some boorus have, this checks the fetched post to see if it includes and/or excludes the tags specified in the config and then either goes forward with the post or tries to find another post depending on the result. 

## Getting Started
1. [Visit the releases](https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky/releases) and download the suitable executable for your system, or follow the instructions below to build for your system
2. You will need to create a `.env` file in the same place as this executable and setup your configuration, a template can be found [here](.env-template)
3. To test if the bot can successfully post, you can run the executable with the `-dry` argument
4. If you have the knowledge how to, linux hosts should create a service to run the script automatically.

## Building
Instructions tested on an Arch Linux machine.
1. Make sure you have `dotnet` & `git` installed beforehand, see your package manager's documentation for more information
    ```
    dotnet --version
    ```
2. Clone the repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/olifurz/boorusky.git && cd boorusky
    ```
3.  Build the project, [read the docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build) if you would like to target a specific OS, etc
    ```
    dotnet build -c Release
    ```
4. Navigate to /bin/Release/net9.0/[target] and run!

## Updating
Whenever a new release comes out, you can overwrite the existing files with the new files and it should work just fine (or automate it via a .sh script). **Make sure you backup your .env before doing so!**

## License
Licensed under GNU General Public License v3.0, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information
